Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Water my houseplants
and feed the dog.
Make sure those utilities
get paid.
Just relax, will you, Kelly?
You're beginning to sound
like my mother.
Just worry
about getting on the boat.
Hey, what's this guy like,
anyway?
I don't know. Sounded kind
of cute on the phone, though.
Uh-huh.
Well, any man that's gonna take
his two kids around the world
can't be all that bad.
He's in for a big surprise.
I know. I'm not gonna stick
around to see what happens.
I wish you were going with me.
I do too.
Think of the ports
you're gonna go to.
I know.
Thanks a lot.
See you in six weeks.
Have a good time.
- Okay.
Don't forget to write me!
You've done most of the work
on the boat yourself
in preparation for this trip.
How long did all that take?
It took us three years.
It's a...
She's a converted
North Sea trawler.
She's strong.
It's just a big family project.
And there's been controversy
that you're placing the girls
in a little bit of danger
with a voyage like this.
Any thoughts on that?
Well, I think we've taken
all the necessary precautions.
Um, the girls have been raised
around boats.
I think there's an element
of danger
in just about anything you do
in life.
Even living in the city.
How do you feel
about this adventure?
I think it's the best thing
I've ever done in my whole life.
What do you think
about all this?
I think it's great.
It sounds
like an extraordinary trip.
I wish I could go with you,
but good luck.
Thank you.
All right?
Oh, I'm so glad you came.
Oh, okay. Bye-bye.
Listen to your dad.
I will.
- You have a great trip.
Okay, we'll be fine.
Take care of her.
Bye-bye.
Hey, gramps. Oh.
Hey.
- You take care for now.
We'll be okay.
I know. I know you will.
Um, I'm glad
you haven't left yet.
Is Mr. Maclaine on board?
Yeah. I'm Maclaine.
Well, hi. I'm Kelly Zimmerman
from World Magazine.
Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
Where's Peterson?
He broke his leg
in a skydiving assignment.
So I'm taking his place.
Oh, no, you're not.
I didn't agree to take anybody
but Peterson.
Would you rather have a guy
with a broken leg
or the best reporter
on the magazine?
I'd rather have a man
that can sail.
And Peterson's a sailor.
What makes you think I'm not?
Are you?
No, but I'm a quick learner.
Courtney, cut the shore power.
I'll be right back.
I'm not taking
any inexperienced woman.
Which is it?
The inexperienced or the woman?
Both.
Why don't you try
telling my editor that?
That's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
While you're at it,
why don't you tell her
to give me a raise, huh?
You can tell her
it's combat pay!
Hi. Is he always like this?
Only when he hasn't eaten.
We should be leaving
in about an hour.
The winds will be good then.
Here he comes.
Huh, it doesn't look good.
He'll be going.
He can't afford to go without
the money from the magazine.
Okay, there'll be
no smoking on board.
Yes, sir.
Let's get this bucket moving!
Yeah!
- We're leaving, we're leaving!
Going at last! Great!
Get the three lines, Sam.
First day.
Left the coast and sailed west
into the open sea.
The wind is from the south.
Everything's running smoothly.
I'm glad Kelly is onboard.
She's catching on quick
and will make a good sailor.
I just hope
Dad gives her a chance.
It's hard to believe after
all the years of planning
we're finally on our way.
There you are.
I was beginning to think
you'd fallen overboard.
Now, let's see
if we can find Raggedy Ann.
Shh.
Don't tell on me.
Please, don't tell on me.
Please.
What are you doing here?
I'm an orphan.
If they catch me, they're gonna
break my legs again.
They broke your legs?
Yeah.
They tortured us and everything.
You won't tell on me, will you?
My dad's gonna find you anyways.
No, he won't.
Not if you can keep a secret.
What are you gonna do?
Stick with the boat
till it reaches China,
then I'm gonna be a pirate
and get lots of money.
Sam, lunch is ready.
What are you doing down there?
Please?
Just looking for Penelope.
Come on, let's go.
I'm coming.
Thanks.
Can I get you anything?
A book.
Here, take Penelope.
She can keep you company.
See you later.
What's your name?
Jesse.
I'm Sam.
Don't feed the dog at the table.
Dad?
- Hmm?
What do you call someone
who sneaks on a ship?
A stowaway.
There used to be lots of them
in the old days.
What did they used to do
to them?
They would either, um, put them
to work on the ship
or they would,
uh, keelhaul them.
What's that?
So they would take them
and tie their hands and legs
and drag them the length
of the keel underwater.
The sharks got most of them.
Gross.
You wouldn't do a thing
like that, would you, Dad?
It would depend upon
if it was a girl or not, Sam.
Hey!
Help!
Oh, that always gives me
goose pimples.
More coffee?
- No, thanks.
It's your watch,
I'm gonna take a nap.
Don't let the battery run
too long on the autopilot.
We're gonna finish
our coffees first.
Okay.
He's lucky
Travis didn't see that.
Especially,
since it's his plate.
Jesse.
Jesse, it's just me.
Jesse?
What's up?
Nothing.
He fell over.
Dad!
Dad! Jesse fell over!
What is it, Sam?
You've gotta turn back.
He fell over!
Who fell over?
Hey, what's going on?
There was a little boy, Dad.
And he was hiding on the boat
and he's fallen overboard.
What are you talking about, Sam?
Know anything about this?
- No.
This is his toothbrush
and paste.
They were on the deck.
Sam?
I'm not lying, Dad.
Honest, I'm not lying.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Just before lunch.
He was hiding in the fo'c'sle.
Okay, let's jibe.
Get the head sails.
I see something about
two points off the port bow.
Do you see it?
There he is!
Hey!
Help!
A little more to the port.
Okay, hold that!
Okay, coming to get you now.
When you see it reaches,
reach up and get my hand.
Now, reach it up. Come on.
There you go.
Okay, got you.
Okay.
Come on. Come on.
Let me give you a hand.
Come on.
Ah.
Are you okay?
Get him below deck.
- Come on, let's go. Let's go.
Feeling better?
Here we go. Best way
in the world to warm up.
Does anybody else know
you're on this ship?
Sam tells me you're an orphan.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Okay. I've gotta notify
the Coast Guard
that you're aboard.
Do you have any relatives
anywhere?
No.
Not even an aunt or an uncle?
I have a mother.
But she doesn't know I'm here.
I have four brothers
and sisters,
and they all think I'm dead.
I don't know
what's gonna happen.
It's okay. It's okay, Jesse.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Does the world get to hear
about it?
Hmm.
I probably
wouldn't be interested.
Give it a try.
I was just thinking
how lucky that boy was
we found him out here today.
Ah, he sure was.
Why do you do it?
What, the voyage?
Yeah. The risks, everything.
I just couldn't think
of a better way
to get close to my daughters
and show them
who their father is.
Yeah. The bad parts
as well as the good.
Right.
Well, I sure hope
it all works out for you.
It already has.
Most of it, anyway.
Coast Guard
is gonna pick the boy up
when we reach the Aleutians.
They've had an all-points
out on him for days.
That kid's got a lot of spirit.
My kind of kid.
♪ What shall we do
With a drunken sailor? ♪
♪ Earlye in the morning ♪
♪ Way, hey, up she rises ♪
♪ Put him in the bilge
And make him drink it ♪
♪ Earlye in the morning ♪
♪ Way, hey, up she rises ♪
♪ Shave him in the belly
With a rusty razor ♪
♪ Earlye in the morning ♪
♪ Way, hey, up she rises ♪
♪ Put him in the bunk
With the captain's daughter ♪
♪ Earlye in the morning ♪
♪ Way, hey, up she rises ♪
♪ That's what you do
With a drunken sailor ♪
♪ Earlye in the morning ♪
♪ Way, hey, up she rises ♪
Seventeenth day.
Found a sick pelican on deck
and named him Pinocchio.
He's amazingly tame
since we fed him.
We should reach the Aleutians
and Dutch Harbor tomorrow.
We'll really miss Jesse.
It's been exactly one year today
since Mom died.
How's he doing?
- He's settling right in.
Watch it.
Okay, Jaws, open up.
He eats like you, Sam.
Hey.
Look at him eat. Gosh.
It's too big for him.
He can eat anything.
- Come on, baby.
How's it going?
Calm as a horse trough.
Okay, I'm gonna go below,
double-check the weather
and get some shut-eye.
Call me if you need anything.
Okay. Sweet dreams.
You're turning
into a pretty good sailor.
There's nothing else to do.
Dad. You'd better come on deck.
The wind is really picking up.
Okay, I'm coming.
Let's go.
Head her up into the wind!
What?
Courtney, go below!
Get my harnesses
and foul weather gear.
You should have called me
sooner.
Okay,
keep her headed into the wind.
I've gotta drop the sail!
Okay!
What's happening?
- We're getting into a storm.
You'd better stay down here.
Here. Watch the boom.
Go down below and make sure
everything's secure.
Check the bilges
and then come back
and help me with the main, okay?
I got it. Go below
and get yourself warm.
You did a good job!
How about some coffee?
Later.
How's Sam?
She's still asleep.
That kid doesn't have a nerve
in her body.
There you go.
- Thanks.
Oh, thanks.
I hope this doesn't last long.
It could last for days.
Oh, God. Not again.
Take it. Ugh, take it.
Are you all right?
This is a 2200 hour check-in.
Do you copy, over?
Everybody into their life vests.
Courtney, take the helm.
Kelly, get the life raft ready.
What is it?
Get your shoes on.
Jesse, get over here.
Get over here.
Put it out here!
Oh, God.
Let's put it over the side!
Hang on to that rope!
Come on!
Dad! Dad, we're sinking!
Sam!
Come on, come on.
Everybody in the life boat!
Jesse, get in the life raft!
Take hold of Sam's hand!
Mayday, mayday, mayday.
This is a mayday.
Mayday, mayday.
The yacht Cloudy.
We are sinking, we are sinking.
Longitude 26 degrees.
10 minutes north. Mayday!
Dad!
Mayday, mayday!
Get in the raft! Kelly, hurry!
Move forward!
Come on, move! Go!
We're sinking!
It's okay, sweetheart.
Okay, push off. Push off.
Keep your weight in the center!
Okay, everybody hold on now.
All right,
here comes another one now.
Hold on tight!
Dad!
Sam!
I've got Sam!
Get the boy! Get the boy!
Courtney!
I got him.
Help me!
Come on, let's get on the
beach. The beach is right here.
I got her. I got her.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Where are the others?
I don't know.
Kelly!
There they are! Hold her!
Hold on to him!
Okay. I got him.
You're all right.
You're all right, come on.
Come on.
I can't get up!
Yes, you can. Come on!
- Come on.
I'm freezing!
Okay. We'll get a fire going.
Where's Mushroom?
Don't worry about him.
- He can swim.
Whatever happened to Pinocchio?
He just flew away.
No!
Get them to lean to the rocks
up here.
Where are we?
Somewhere on the coast
of Alaska.
What is it?
Sea lions.
Lions?
Are they dangerous?
I don't think so.
We'll just give them
a lot of room.
Hey, Mushroom. Come back!
Mushroom, get back here.
- Come on.
Come here.
You see anything?
Nothing.
Not even a house or anything.
We'll find something.
I'll bet we're the first people
who ever set foot here.
Hey, Samantha, what about
that candy bar you had?
I ate it.
Hey, what's that?
Silly Putty.
Hey, that thing work?
- No.
All right, is that everything?
Not even a knife or fork
to eat with.
There's nothing to eat anyway.
Hey, wait a minute,
where did you get that?
I just traded some comic books.
I'm glad you did.
Okay, I want you
to get a fire going.
I'm gonna see
if I can get us some food.
Can I go?
- Okay.
Me too?
No, you stay here.
- Please?
Stick with the women, kid,
you'll have more fun.
Hey, it's working.
Ever dream of
getting away from it all?
Of going to a land
where the air is pure?
I wouldn't mind
a little smog right now.
Save those batteries
for the weather and the news.
Okay, Dad.
Yeah.
All right. Let's go.
You ever do any hunting before?
No.
Okay. We just gotta
stay close together
and be quiet, all right?
Okay.
What are they?
Caribou.
Okay, stay close to me.
Mushroom, stay.
Hey, Travis, over here!
There's one over there.
Okay.
Better wait back there.
Go on.
Come here, Jesse.
Give me a hand.
Okay, just get behind her
and push.
Come on. Get down there.
Come on, Jesse. Push.
Watch out for those horns.
What are they?
Musk ox.
I've only seen them in pictures.
Mean-looking dudes.
Looks like prime rib to me.
Let's go.
Hold the dog.
Mushroom!
Maybe we should try
something smaller.
Yeah.
The hunters are coming!
Did you get anything?
No, just some eggs, sweetheart.
Come here.
Good.
Courtney can make an omelet.
They got some eggs!
Good. How many?
Let's see.
That's it?
Didn't find anything?
We'll get something tomorrow.
But I'm hungry today.
Hey. What's this?
We found it at the beach.
Isn't she cute?
- She's seems friendly enough.
She must have been hurt
in the storm or something.
Shh. Here's the news.
Coast Guard is searching
for a small sailing vessel
missing since Wednesday night
when a storm swept across
the northern Pacific.
The vessel,
owned by a Seattle family...
That's us.
We're gonna be famous.
The search is being conducted
in that area.
In Juneau today,
the governor stated that
energy consumption in the...
Well, at least,
they know we're missing.
They're looking
in the wrong area.
Well, If they don't find us
there, they'll come here.
Right, Dad?
Right.
I just can't stop thinking
about food.
Think of something else.
That's what my mom
always used to tell us.
Like what?
Like boiled rattlesnake bile
mixed with the blood of a toad.
What's bile?
That green stuff
that comes out of their mouths
when you run them over.
Yuck.
Hey, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Think we have any chance
of walking out of here?
Not with the kids.
The best thing to do
you're looking for
is just sit tight
and be prepared.
They'll extend the search area.
Sorry things haven't
worked out better for you.
It hasn't been too bad so far.
Well, I think we're lucky
Peterson broke his leg.
He didn't.
I talked the editor into
letting me come in his place.
You're kidding.
It never pays to be sneaky.
Well, at least
you'll have a good article
for your magazine now.
Yeah, it's already a book.
How Not to Sail Around the
World with Travis Maclaine.
I just hope
it has a happy ending.
It will.
I've got it.
Get out of the water.
Are you okay, honey?
Cover her with this. Here.
Kelly?
Yeah.
- Give me a hand.
Okay, hold on.
Here you go.
How is she doing?
- Not so good.
Okay, just keep her warm.
I'm gonna get some food.
Can I go?
No, you stay here.
When it stops raining,
you go after those berries.
How are you feeling?
I'm just cold.
Okay, I'll be right back,
all right?
Get you some food.
I wish I could be you for a day
and you could be me.
That way, I could catch a fish.
You should do something
about your breath.
Hey, look at that!
Oh, my...
They're going to land.
I wish we had a gun.
Yeah.
Hey,
I know how we can catch one.
How?
I saw it in a movie once.
Come on.
Yah! Get out of here!
Go on! Git!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Git!
Yah! Yah! Ah! Ah!
Yah! Yah!
Get out! Get out!
Get out of here!
Yah!
Get out of here! Yah!
Yah! Yah!
Yah! Get out of here!
Okay.
I got it!
Don't let go.
- Oh, I won't. Oh, dear.
I didn't believe
you could do it.
All right, here, give me a hand.
Dad!
We were worried about you.
Hey, you're looking good.
I feel much better now.
Kelly caught a goose.
A goose?
How did you get it?
He was just flying around,
so I hit it with a rock.
A rock?
She caught it in the lake.
Hey, no fair.
Hey.
Us men gotta stick together.
Come here, you.
I'm so glad everything's
gonna be okay from now on.
So am I, sweetheart.
Hey, Jesse,
you and I can retire.
The women are doing the hunting.
Yeah, and you can do the dishes
tomorrow too.
I wish we had dishes.
Pretty sunset.
No ships or planes in 45 days.
Everyone's beginning
to lose hope.
Dad goes hunting for food
every day,
but the animals are hard
to catch without a gun.
If we ever get out of here,
I'll never eat another
blueberry as long as I live.
Jesse and Kelly are like
part of the family now.
It's hard to imagine
most of our friends and family
back home think we're dead.
It's already very cold.
Last night,
it snowed for the first time
but didn't settle.
Dad's trying to find a way out
over the mountains.
I hope he makes it.
Hey, look at this one.
Let's see.
Yeah, that's good.
Oh, look what I found.
- Ow!
Oh, neato.
That was mine!
All right, don't get so crabby.
Crabby?
Can you get it?
Hey! Anybody hungry?
Come and get it!
All you can eat!
Come on!
What are they doing?
They're fishing.
Catching the salmon that
are going up river to spawn.
Mm. I love salmon.
Well, if the bears
can catch them, so can we.
There's a good place
downriver here.
What about the bears?
We'll give them lots of room
and keep our eyes open.
Oh. On your left.
Daddy!
I got it.
I got it! I got it.
Mushroom!
There it go...
Yeah! Yeah!
Hey, Mushy. Hey, go on.
- Go on, Mushy.
Oh, that's great, kids.
- Good job.
Come on, Jesse,
let's go get some more.
Enough to last us
the whole year.
Hope we don't need them.
I think we ought to have
a celebration!
♪ I don't wanna die
For king or country ♪
♪ I've got what I want ♪
♪ All I wanna be ♪
♪ All I need to be is me ♪
Hey, If, uh, I go dance
with Kelly,
would you dance with Jesse?
Okay.
Uh, excuse me, young man, may I?
Yeah, you may.
Thank you.
♪ Of all the loves
I've left behind me ♪
♪ Looks on your face
Yes, they tell me ♪
♪ That I should have never
Started loving you ♪
♪ It was true when they said
That I was mean and cruel ♪
♪ All the loves I've had
I've made them out as fools ♪
I don't like this slow stuff.
♪ Now the tide has turned
And I'm lonely too ♪
♪ I should have never
Started loving you ♪
Do you want me
to turn the lights down?
♪ I should have never
Started loving you ♪
♪ After all the things... ♪
It's a plane.
They found us!
Where is it?
It's coming right on us!
Get the flare gun!
Come on. Let's go.
Dad!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Over here!
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Here! Over here!
- Help!
Help.
You think they'll come back?
Well, they're looking
in the right area.
You know,
it's pretty chilly out.
You sure you wanna sleep
out here?
You bet.
We don't wanna miss them again.
How are you doing?
I love you, Dad.
I love you too, sweetheart.
Good night.
- Good night.
You know, I saw something
reflecting light today.
It had to be either metal
or glass.
Where?
Just north of here.
About a day's hike.
I'll check it out tomorrow.
Eskimos, maybe.
Yeah, let's hope so.
When you're not hungry,
this place isn't so bad.
Do you wanna take a walk?
Sure.
- Come on.
Don't tempt me. Ah!
Get out of here. Go on.
Oh, fish breath.
You're finally getting
to like Kelly now, huh?
Yeah, she's all right.
What?
Oh, nothing. Nothing.
Huh?
- Nothing.
Get out of here, you.
Dad, Dad, look who showed up!
Hey, we were smoking the salmon
and he just flew in.
That figures.
You never see him
until we get some food.
I'm gonna feed him some more.
Is that okay, Dad?
Yeah. Just give him some heads,
though, and tails.
Okay. Come on, Pinocchio.
Boy, are you gonna get fat.
You ready?
Yeah, let's go.
I wrapped you some smoked fish.
Thanks.
Be careful out there, huh?
Yeah.
You be all right?
Mm-hm.
- Good.
That's good.
Where are my binoculars?
You just gave them to me.
Oh, hang on to them.
You'd better watch him, Jesse.
Make sure he doesn't trip over
an iceberg.
Yeah.
Icebergs, huh?
- Bye, Dad.
Come on. Let's go.
I'll see you tonight.
Okay.
She's a good-looking lady.
She sure is.
That makes her
all the more dangerous.
Is that right?
You bet.
I've seen grown men
cry over them like babies.
Harley Brown drove his '56 Chevy
into a moving train.
And nearly killed himself
just because of a woman.
That sounds pretty serious.
That's why I'm telling you.
Before you know it,
they've got control over you.
I'd better be careful, huh?
You want the truth?
You've already had it.
Oh, yeah?
You look like King Kong
with Fay Wray.
Do I have to?
Yes.
There's a crocodile.
You okay?
I hate it.
Oh, believe me, you needed it.
You sure did.
Ah, you just shut up.
Okay, kids, stop fighting.
There's something back there.
I bet it was the same thing
that was watching us
at the beach.
Well, whatever it is,
it keeps running away.
Let's check it out.
I sure hope it's nothing big.
What was it?
A bird.
Another two years off my life.
That was no bird.
Come on.
It's a cabin.
Hello? Is anybody there?
There's something in there.
Is someone there?
You kids wait here.
Kelly?
Kelly!
Kelly! Are you okay?
Yeah. Get back. Stay back.
Mushy. Shh. Mushy.
Anyone there?
Courtney, take Mushroom.
Come on, now. Hold on to him.
Okay. It's all right.
Okay, okay.
Good boy. Good boy. Good boy.
That's a good boy.
Good dog.
Stay there, okay?
What is it?
Nothing.
Just wait here.
That's it?
That's it.
Looks like it's been here
a long time, huh?
You know something?
Maybe we should tell the girls
we saw a couple of guys
on the beach, anyway.
Just to give them hope.
And then what?
Then we'll tell them
they're gonna pick us up
in a couple of days.
And when they don't show up?
We'll just tell them
something else.
If they believed it
the first time,
they'll believe it again.
You'd be a good politician,
Jesse.
I can see it now.
President
Jesse C. Hayes III.
It's been here four years.
There's more of the plane up
there. Let's go check it out.
You stay here.
Jesse!
Jesse! Jesse! Look!
Run!
Travis!
Hey!
Get out!
Hey! Get out!
Come on, here I am!
Come get me!
Hey! Hey!
Get out!
Yah!
Travis?
It's gonna be all right.
Yeah. I didn't exactly
tell the kids the truth
about the diary.
How's that?
I just didn't think
they should hear it.
I'll read you some of it, okay?
Yeah.
"He came again today
from the north.
I was on the beach
and I was too weak to run.
I could smell the stench
of his breath as he mauled me.
The dog taunted him away."
He's talking about
a giant Kodiak bear.
Then last entry:
"Wish I had died
with my dear Janey.
No pain now,
just the cold, the dog
and the awful loneliness."
It says if anyone finds this,
tell his mom and dad
that he loved them.
He was only 23 years old.
If you read it,
you felt like you knew him.
Hey, it's gonna be all right.
We're gonna get out of here.
We can see you.
It's already September.
Hey, the news.
- We're on the news again.
Come on.
The ketch, owned
by Travis Maclaine of Seattle,
was lost in the storm
nearly five weeks ago.
The Coast Guard reports
there's been no sign of wreckage
and have officially called off
the search.
♪ Sitka's KIFW ♪
Okay.
Now, that's the 6:00 bad news.
Here comes
the 6:00 good news.
We're getting out of here.
How?
We're gonna build a boat.
With what?
All you've got is a penknife.
We could dive on the wreck.
Now, we saw the tip of the mast
at low tide today.
If I can get to my ax
and my tool box,
we can do it.
Okay?
Well, okay?
Okay.
Okay, honey?
I don't wanna stay here anymore.
I wanna go home.
- Come here.
It's always raining
and cold here.
I wanna go home where it's warm.
We're going home.
When?
Soon.
Okay, there she is.
- Okay.
Now, you've gotta hold
this position, all right?
Okay.
How deep is it?
- About 25 or 30 feet.
What?
Oh, you're kind of cute.
Well, I'm sorry
to disappoint you, miss,
but that's all I'm taking off.
Otherwise
I'm gonna freeze to death.
Too bad.
Oh.
It's cold.
It's so cold.
Ah.
You got it.
I got the medicine kit too.
Uh, we're in luck, you know.
There's some air trapped
in the cabin down there.
Yeah? Great.
Hey, I see you've got a friend.
Aw, she scared the heck
out of me.
I thought she was a shark.
Oh, no.
Hold that line.
- Okay.
It's got a sail
and my tool kit attached to it.
Oh, okay.
Hey, what's with her?
Maybe her flippers are freezing.
Travis? Oh, Go...
Travis.
Oh.
Are you all right? Huh?
- Yeah.
Oh, I thought you were dead.
Don't do it again.
Okay.
Everything is all right.
Oh, I'm...
- It's all right.
The whale came up
and it just stared at me.
It just came up
and just looked at me.
Now, listen. No. That whale
was after the sea lion, okay?
It wasn't after us. If it was,
it would have got us, okay?
Okay.
We've got everything we need
to build the boat.
It's gonna be fine.
It will be all right.
Okay.
- All right.
Hey, batter, batter, batter.
Hey! Catch!
You got it?
Hey, no. No.
- Throw it to me!
Here!
Yeah!
- Hey!
Whoa!
Ah!
Hey!
How many more coats?
That should be the last one.
What's my position gonna be
on this boat?
Ah, you're gonna be in charge
of the engine room.
What engine?
- There's no engine.
Do you think they took our name
off the school list now?
I don't think
you ever were on it, Sam.
What's the first thing you're
gonna do when we get back?
Burn this red sweater.
And this blue one. Ugh.
I'm gonna take a long hot bath.
And smoke a cigarette?
Uh-huh
I'm gonna see my mom and dad.
You girls finish up here.
I'll go get the boys.
I'm gonna have
six chocolate malts.
six hot fudge sundaes.
Let's pig out.
What is it?
Get back! Get back! Back!
- Shh.
Travis! Travis!
Travis!
Okay. Get back, get back.
Dad!
Travis!
Hey! Hey!
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!
Come on!
Oh, run!
Run! Come on, Sam!
Go ahead! Go!
Hurry up!
- Go on you guys! Go!
Come on, Kelly! Come on!
He's coming!
Run!
Come on, Travis!
No!
Sam, get up! Get up!
Come on!
Get up, Sam!
Sam!
Where's Sam? Oh!
Sam.
Sam. Please don't die.
Oh, Sam.
Sam.
Please don't die, Sam.
Sam! Sam!
Please, God, don't do it!
Ah! Sam! Oh!
Sam!
No!
Sam.
No! No! Sam!
Sam. Sam.
Sam! Sam!
Please, don't do it.
God.
Come here. Come here.
All right.
Sam.
Sam? Sam?
We just couldn't find her.
- We couldn't find her.
Dad, please don't let her die.
Sam.
Sam?
Sam, please.
Sam.
Sam?
Come on, Sam. Come on, Sam.
There.
Spit it out.
Easy now.
Dad?
It's okay. You're okay.
Breathe now.
Courtney kept saying I was dead
and I couldn't tell her
I wasn't.
Sam.
- It's okay.
You're gonna be all right now.
Come on.
Let's get you some fire.
Oh, Daddy, I'm sorry.
I got the bear
with the flare gun.
Good for you, Jesse.
Good for you.
Okay,
everybody stay near the fire.
I'm gonna get
some more blankets.
Oh, my God!
Okay, let's get into the boat.
Dad, don't let him this way!
Run! Come on!
Go! Come on, come on!
- Come on! Go, come on!
Dad!
Come on! Jesse, get up there!
Come on, push!
Dad!
Heave! Come on! Move it!
Kelly, get up there. Come on!
- Push!
Come on, push!
Come on!
Get the dog! Dad!
Come here! Come here!
Come here!
- Dad, don't leave him behind!
Go! Get in the boat!
Get in the boat!
Hey!
Here!
They've seen us!
It's about time somebody did!
Will you marry me?
What?
I said will you marry me?
Look, it's a big decision.
You don't have to give me
an answer right away.
I mean, take your time.
Just keep it on you...
You're crazy. Yes!
They're getting married.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org